Application Type clarifications (#7068)
auth0/docs: articles/applications/enable-third-party-applications.md

---
title: Enabling Third-party Applications
description: Read about the requirements to set up a third party application
toc: true
topics:
  - applications
  - application-types
  - third-party applications
contentType: reference
useCase:
  - build-an-app
---

# Enabling third-party applications

To enable [third-party applications](/application-types#third-party-applications) for your Tenant you must:

- update your application's login page (if you use [Lock](/libraries/lock/v11))
- promote the connections you will use with your third-party applications to **domain connections**

## Update the login page

> To use the Auth0's [Universal Login](/hosted-pages/login) with third-party Applications, you must:

Reviewer: All of these only apply if Lock is used
```suggestion
If you use Lock in the [Hosted Login Page](/hosted-pages/login) you will need to:
```

- use at least version `10.7.x` of Lock
- set `__useTenantInfo: config.isThirdPartyClient` when instantiating Lock
- [PSaaS Appliance](/appliance) users must use `https://{config.auth0Domain}/` as the value for [the `configurationBaseUrl` option](https://github.com/auth0/lock#other-options) when instantiating Lock

Sample script:

```html

> <script src="https://cdn.auth0.com/js/lock/10.7/lock.min.js"></script>

Reviewer: Even though 10.7 is the minimum recommended, I would go for v11 in the example.
```suggestion
 <script src="https://cdn.auth0.com/js/lock/11.x.y/lock.min.js"></script>
```
